Add deploy details (#16)
filecoin-project/docs: README.md

## Docs website

For the most part, updates to `master` in this repo will trigger documentation website redeploys (via the [`metadocs`](https://github.com/filecoin-project/metadocs/) private repo).

> To add or subtract pages, you will need to manually update the file listings in `metadocs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add or remove pages and ensure your changes are reflected in the sidebar nav, you will need to manually update the listings in the [`config.js`](https://github.com/filecoin-project/metadocs/blob/master/docs/.vuepress/config.js) file  in `metadocs`.
```
